5. Sporting Lisbon
One of the achievements of the Sporting Lisbon football academy is the undeniable fact that they produced one of the best players in the 21st century. Cristiano Ronaldo began his career at the Portuguese academy.
Aside from Ronaldo, they have created more than 100 players who have gone to represent their countries at the national level and also featured prominently in their respective clubs. Some of its graduates include Luis Figo, Nani, and João Moutinho.

4. Bayern Munich
Based on the caliber of players Bayern Munich academy has produced, it is living up to its mission of holding a global position in soccer while imbibing the principles of mental and physical strength in their players. So far, this has been working out for the team.
Most of the academy players are German and have gone on to achieve incredible feats for their country. Some of the 2014 World Cup winners in the German squad, such as Thomas Mueller, Philipp Lahm, Bastian Schweinsteiger, and Toni Kross, had their career kickoff at Bayern Munich academy.

3. Manchester United Academy
Manchester United has a tradition of featuring it’s academy players in regular league games, and this has helped it’s academy products to become world-class players.
Under the leadership of former coach, Sir Alex Ferguson, the Manchester United Academy players were featured regularly in the first team. Notable graduates of the English club academy include David Beckham, Danny Welbeck, George Best, Paul Pogba, and Marcus Rashford. 

2. Ajax
Home to some of the best prospects in European football, Ajax football academy has trained many prominent stars who have progressed to have successful football careers.
In scouting, the club’s reach has no geographical boundaries but extends to every part of the world, where youngsters embrace the beautiful sport of soccer.
Players who have graduated from its academy include ace defender Matthijs de Ligt, Frenkie de Jong, Justin Kluivert, and Christian Eriksen.

1. Barcelona (La Masia)
Undoubtedly the best soccer academy in the world, La Masia has produced several talents that have progressed to become the face of football in Spain and Europe. In 2011, three of its graduates were nominees in the final three for the Ballon d’Or.
An incredible achievement for the academy. Its prominent graduates include Lionel Messi, who can be said to be the face of world football in the 21st century and been crowned the best footballer in the world multiple times. Other top stars include the 2010 FIFA World Cup winners, Andres Iniesta, Xavi, and Puyol.
